README.md, before:

# Hanncho

http://hannchoclothing.com

## About this project

This repository is the frontend of Hanncho Clothing e-commerce project.
This project also has an backend (in private repo) that implements integration with Google Merchant Service for promoting the brand's products.
The entire infrastructure was defined using AWS.

This project is part of my personal portfolio.

Email: giovanebmilani@hotmail.com
Connect with me at [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/giovanebmilani).

## Main features

- Admin dashboard to manage the e-commerce;
- Integration with Google Merchant Service;
- Shop containing product filtering and cart system ;

## Tecnologies

#### Cliend-Side
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - For user interfaces
- [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - For better code quality and maintence
- [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/) - For better defining styles
- [Axios](https://axios-http.com/docs/intro) - HTTP Client
- [React Query](https://react-query-v3.tanstack.com/) - For data fetching and caching

#### Server-Side
- [Flask RESTX](https://flask-restx.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) - For building RESTAPIs with Python
- [SQLAlchemy](https://www.sqlalchemy.org/) - For defining SQL
- [Alembic](https://alembic.sqlalchemy.org/en/latest/) - For database migrations
- [Zappa](https://github.com/zappa/Zappa) - For serveless application deployment
- [Botocore](https://github.com/boto/botocore) - To comunicate with AWS
- [Google Api Core](https://pypi.org/project/google-api-core/) - For Google Merchant Service integration

#### Database
- [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) - Database system

#### Infrastructure
- [AWS Lambda](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/) - For serveless backend
- [AWS Amplify](https://aws.amazon.com/amplify/) - For frontend hosting and deployment
- [AWS RDS](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/) - For hosting and deployment of SQL database
- [AWS S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/) - For storing images


## 🛠 Getting Started

To run this project you need to install the prerequisites:

[NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/) `v16.16.0`

## ⚙️ Installation

Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/giovanebmilani/hanncho-ecommerce.git
cd hanncho-ecommerce
```

Installing dependencies

```bash
yarn
```
_or_
```bash
npm install
```

Create and archive called `.env` in the root directory

```bash
touch .env
```

Set up environment variables as shown below

```
REACT_APP_API_BASE_URL=your-api-url-goes-here
```

## 🚀 Run

After installing process you just need to run in develop mode

```bash
yarn start
```
_or_

```bash
nom start
```


# ☕

Commit message:

adding screenshots and some fixes

README.md, after:

# Hanncho

https://hannchoclothing.com

## About this project

This repository is the frontend of Hanncho Clothing e-commerce project.
This project also has an backend (in private repo) that implements integration with Google Merchant Service for promoting the brand's products.
The entire infrastructure was defined using AWS.

This project is part of my personal portfolio.

Email: giovanebmilani@hotmail.com
Connect with me at [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/giovanebmilani).

## Screenshots

<img src="/docs/assets/screenshots/admin_dashboard1.png" alt="Admin Dashboard screenshot" style="height: 400px;"/>

## Main features

- Admin dashboard to manage the e-commerce and products stock;
- Integration with Google Merchant Service;
- Shop containing product filtering and cart system;

## Tecnologies

#### Cliend-Side
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - For user interfaces
- [Typescript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) - For better code quality and maintence
- [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/) - For better defining styles
- [Axios](https://axios-http.com/docs/intro) - HTTP Client
- [React Query](https://react-query-v3.tanstack.com/) - For data fetching and caching

#### Server-Side
- [Flask RESTX](https://flask-restx.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) - For building RESTAPIs with Python
- [SQLAlchemy](https://www.sqlalchemy.org/) - For defining SQL using Python
- [Alembic](https://alembic.sqlalchemy.org/en/latest/) - For database migrations using Python
- [Zappa](https://github.com/zappa/Zappa) - For serveless application deployment
- [Botocore](https://github.com/boto/botocore) - To comunicate with AWS using Python
- [Google Api Core](https://pypi.org/project/google-api-core/) - For Google Merchant Service integration using Python

#### Database
- [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) - Database system

#### Infrastructure
- [AWS Lambda](https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/) - For serveless backend
- [AWS Amplify](https://aws.amazon.com/amplify/) - For frontend hosting and deployment
- [AWS RDS](https://aws.amazon.com/rds/) - For hosting and deployment of SQL database
- [AWS S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/) - For storing images


## 🛠 Getting Started

To run this project you need to install the prerequisites:

[NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/) `v16.16.0`

## ⚙️ Installation

##### Clone the repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/giovanebmilani/hanncho-ecommerce.git
cd hanncho-ecommerce
```

##### Install dependencies

```bash
yarn
```
_or_
```bash
npm install
```

##### Create a file called `.env` in the root directory

```bash
touch .env
```

##### Set up environment variables as shown below

```
REACT_APP_API_BASE_URL=your-api-url-goes-here
```

> _**Tip -** you can use production API in the url: https://aqjj5vsxu0.execute-api.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/prod/api, but you won't have access to admin dashboard._

## 🚀 Run

After installing process you just need to run in develop mode

```bash
yarn start
```
_or_

```bash
npm start
```


# ☕
